Readme.md, before:

# Microboxlabs Auth Manager

The `microboxlabs_auth_manager` is a project dedicated to providing robust authentication management solutions across different languages and frameworks. This repository houses two main implementations of the authentication manager: one written in Elixir and the other in Python3.

## Structure

- **Elixir Implementation**: Located under the `elixir/microboxlabs_auth_manager` directory. This version harnesses the power and concurrency capabilities of the Elixir language, ensuring efficient authentication processes.
  
- **Python3 Implementation**: Located under the `python3/microboxlabs-auth-manager` directory. Designed with Python's simplicity and vast libraries, this version provides a straightforward approach to authentication management.

## Getting Started

### Elixir

Navigate to the Elixir directory:

```bash
cd elixir/microboxlabs_auth_manager
```

Then, refer to the [Elixir README.md](./elixir/microboxlabs_auth_manager/README.md) for specific installation and usage instructions.

### Python3

Navigate to the Python3 directory:

```bash
cd python3/microboxlabs-auth-manager
```

Follow the guidelines in the [Python3 README.md](./python3/microboxlabs-auth-manager/README.md) for setup and operation details.

## Contribution

Your feedback and contributions are highly appreciated. Whether it's a bug report, feature suggestion, or a query about the project, please feel free to reach out.

Commit message:

Add Node.js implementation of authentication manager

Readme.md, after:

# Microboxlabs Auth Manager

The `microboxlabs_auth_manager` is a project dedicated to providing robust authentication management solutions across different languages and frameworks. This repository houses three main implementations of the authentication manager: one written in Elixir, one in Python3, and one in Node.js.

## Structure

- **Elixir Implementation**: Located under the `elixir/microboxlabs_auth_manager` directory. This version harnesses the power and concurrency capabilities of the Elixir language, ensuring efficient authentication processes.
  
- **Python3 Implementation**: Located under the `python3/microboxlabs-auth-manager` directory. Designed with Python's simplicity and vast libraries, this version provides a straightforward approach to authentication management.

- **Node.js Implementation**: Located under the `nodejs/microboxlabs-auth-manager` directory. Leverages JavaScript's asynchronous capabilities and the extensive npm ecosystem for efficient token management.

## Getting Started

### Elixir

Navigate to the Elixir directory:

```bash
cd elixir/microboxlabs_auth_manager
```

Then, refer to the [Elixir README.md](./elixir/microboxlabs_auth_manager/README.md) for specific installation and usage instructions.

### Python3

Navigate to the Python3 directory:

```bash
cd python3/microboxlabs-auth-manager
```

Follow the guidelines in the [Python3 README.md](./python3/microboxlabs-auth-manager/README.md) for setup and operation details.

### Node.js

Navigate to the Node.js directory:

```bash
cd nodejs/microboxlabs-auth-manager
```

Check out the [Node.js README.md](./nodejs/microboxlabs-auth-manager/README.md) for installation and usage instructions.

## Contribution

Your feedback and contributions are highly appreciated. Whether it's a bug report, feature suggestion, or a query about the project, please feel free to reach out.
